We have the entire state of the application in the state tree.
We also know about every action that can change the application state.
So we have these two distinct pieces of data,
but we need something to tie them together.
Meaning, we need a way to update our state based on the current action which occurred.
But, what if we just used a function to do this?
We could have that function taking two arguments,
the current state, and the action which occurred.
Then, based off of that action,
this function would be responsible for returning the new updated
state.That sounds pretty good but
we can't forget that the whole goal here is predictability.
This function has to be as predictable as possible.
But, what does that actually mean?
We should be able to know what the return value will
be of the function based on the input values.
Now this sounds complicated but it turns out that
the functional programming community has
already solved this problem and they've given it a name.
It's called pure functions.
This brings us to rule number two for increasing predictability.
The function that returns the new state needs to be a pure function.
Let's take a look at what pure functions are and how they maximize predictability.